=pod

=head1 perl-scripts

A collection of various perl programs I have written, usually as wrappers for
other programs I call frequently.

=head2 programs

=head3 ffmpeg-polyconvert.pl

A wrapper around L<ffmpeg|https://ffmpeg.org/> to reduce the size of a video by
trying libx264 and libx265 codecs, as well as crf values between 20 and 40
(inclusive).  This tries several attempts and outputs them.

My primary usecase is to try and convert downloaded videos to meet the
Discord-maximum 25 MB (without Nitro), and I don't know enough about video
conversion not to just try 40 different combinations and look at the filesize.

The time it took for a 7 minute 54 MB video (about equivalent to libx264 with
crf 23 or libx265 with the same crf) was about 25 minutes for all 40 conversion
attempts.  The resulting video was best with libx264 with crf 32 at 24 MB and
libx265 with crf 31 at 24 MB.  More testing would be nice, but I just need it
under 25 MB with acceptable quality.

The time table is more than enough time to do other things, so I am not worried
too much about how long it takes.

Only tested with mp4 videos downloaded from TikTok.

=head3 ,yt-dlp

A wrapper around L<yt-dlp|https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp/>, primarily focused
on my preferred defaults for downloading from TikTok to download and archive videos.

=head3 new-pl

Create a scaffold for new perl programs.  It is primarily focused on how I tend
to write new programs with a general focus on rapid prototyping and command
line arguments.

=head2 terminology

The term "wrapper" certainly does a lot more heavy lifting in my brain than I'd
usually like, but without real pressure to figure it out more, it suffices for
pretty much anything I use to call a certain external command line program more
easily.

=head2 license

All code in this repository is AGPLv3+.  See COPYING.txt for details.

=head2 motivation

This underlying motivation to write many of these programs is to facilitate my
downloads of first-party accounts and activist analyses of the ongoing genocide
in Palestine by the State of Israel and share them onto Discord with people,
primarily from TikTok.

Please find the following creators as first party sources:

=over 1

=item Bisan Owda, @wizard_bisan1: L<TikTok|https://www.tiktok.com/@wizard_bisan1>, L<Instagram|https://www.instagram.com/wizard_bisan1/>

=item Motaz Azaiza, @motaz_azaiza: L<Instagram|https://www.instagram.com/motaz_azaiza/>

=back

Please find the following creator as a disability-first advocate, covering many
communication and disability aspects of the genocide against Palestine:

=over 1

=item Imani Barbarin, @crutches_and_spice: L<TikTok|https://www.tiktok.com/@crutches_and_spice>, L<Instagram|https://www.instagram.com/crutches_and_spice/>, L<Twitter|https://twitter.com/Imani_Barbarin>

=back

Please find the following organization as a source for third-party accounts of the ongoing genocide against Palestine:

=over 1

=item Al Jazeera English: L<Website|https://www.aljazeera.com/>, L<TikTok|https://www.tiktok.com/@aljazeeraenglish>, L<Instagram|https://www.instagram.com/aljazeeraenglish/>, L<Link in Bio|https://linkin.bio/aljazeeraenglish>.

=back

Free Palestine.
